a person brings their arms down
with both arms outstretched at the side, bent at elbow, the person raises arms straight over head, before returning to orginal position
a individual is standing still then crosses both their let and right arms together before resting their arms at their sides again.
a person brings their arms down
with both arms outstretched at the side, bent at elbow, the person raises arms straight over head, before returning to orginal position
a individual is standing still then crosses both their let and left arms together before resting their arms at their sides again.
a person raises both hands above his head and throws something.
this person is standing straight and kicks his leg out once and then stands normal.
this person reaches high with both arms.
person does a low kick
a person lifts his left hand.
a man holds a drink in his right hand, opens it with the left hand, and then lifts the vessle to his mouth to drink.
the person is doing knee squats
a person is moving its left and right arm up and down from shoulder to side
raising hands towards mouth while sitting.
the man takes one hop into the air.
the man moves his arms in exercising motions.
a person sits and holds both hands up by his head while slightly moving his left hand
a man runs forward than turns to the right.
person runs a third of a circle counterclockwise
figure moves forward quickly, moving arms with every step, and stops.
a person runs forward, swinging their arms a little.
a person holding their arms up in front of their face, brings up right arm higher.
a person standing with arms by their side, lifts left arm up, then back down, and repeats.
a person holding their arms up in front of their face, brings up left arm higher.
a person lifts weights with their right hand.
a person extends their right hand then their left hand, in a punching motion.
a stick figure does punching  moves starting with left arm.
a person looks at his left wrist then puts his hand down again
a man lifts his right arm as though to look at his wrist, then returns it to near his side.
person flexes arms towards and away from body with elbows bent and then repeats this with arms extended.
a person has his arms bent in front of him, before stretching them out to his sides and bending his elbows again.
the figure steps back and lifts its left (our right) arm and steps foward without putting it back down.
a person starts with arms crossed then drops them to their sides.
person sways back a few steps then puts right hand to face and moves hand around area
a man raises both his arms to his chest then lowers them back.
the person is jogging lightly
a man standing appears to be drumming or hitting something.
a person brings up both hands to the side of their head
man stands in s defensive stance with right leg in front and left leg behind and punches fast in front of him with his left arm then goes back into his stance.
the person is jogging lightly
a person moving hands up and down in front of them.
a person brings up both hands to the side of their head
a person hit wth a right hand
a person squats while rapidly shaking their hands in front of their chest.
the stick figure is in a squat postition dancing.
this person sways back then forward as if to catch something.
a person does two jumping jacks by jumping up, spreading his legs and raising his arms above his head.
this person sways back then forward as if to catch something.
a person does two jumping jacks.
a person raises their right leg then sets it back down.
man takes left hand and lift up left leg then gently put it down facing straight forward.
the person was throwing with both hands
a person speed walking in a forward motion
the person points to the sky with their left hand
a man looks at his wrist.
a person raises their arms up and down, above their head,
a person throwing something with the right hand
a person folds his arms in front of him.
a person holds both hands together over their left shoulder, then brings them both down.
a person speed walking in a forward motion
a person make a motion opening opening a bottle in their right hand, then proceeds to make a motion like they are drinking from the bottle.
the man look at his watch on his right wrist.
a person appears to be lifting a dumbbell above his head with both his hands
a person is demonstrating how to gently throw an object with his left hand.
a person stands in the ground, crosses his arms to his chest, then drops his arms back to his sides.
the person is standing with his arms straight out.
a person does a boxing maneuver.
a person stands in a t-pose
a person shakes their left arm and then stretches to the right side.
the sim raises their right arm, before bring it back to their waste.
stick figure stands still before taking a few jogging steps forward
the person was pushed to the left but did not fall.
a person scratches their aim
a man lowers his outstretched hands down to his sides.
the person is standing with his right arm out.
a man flapping his arms.
a figure runs in place effortlessly.
a person receives an impact on their right shoulder and stumbles backwards.
a person swings his right across his body to shoulder level and back to his side.
stick person is crossing his wrist to play a piano.
stick figure is making a clapping motion
the sim raises their left arm, before bring it back to their waste.
stick figure stands still before taking a few jogging steps forward
the person was pushed to the right but did not fall.
a person scratches their aim
a man lowers his outstretched hands down to his sides.
a person steps up and sticks their arm out straight
the person is flapping their arms like a chicken.
a figure runs in place effortlessly.
a person receives an impact on their left shoulder and stumbles backwards.
a person swings his left across his body to shoulder level and back to his side.
stick person is crossing his wrist to play a piano.
stick figure is making a clapping motion
a person claps their hands together.
a person walks diagonally to the left, turns around, and walks diagonally to the right.
a peson steps backwards from their left to right to avoid something.
a person claps their hands together.
a person walks left to right diagonally swinging his right arm and then walks back.
a peson steps backwards from their right to left to avoid something.
the person is wipin or moving something.
a person in a squatting position moves his arms one at a time
the person is drinking with his left hand.
a person sidesteps to their right and moves their left hand as if writing something on a chalkboard.
a person walks forward carefully, placing one foot in front of the other in a line, almost loses his balance, but recovers and keeps walking.
a person lifts their left wrist towards their face as if to look at a watch
speed walking forward with a few steps.
a person walks forward carefully, placing one foot in front of the other in a line, almost loses his balance, but recovers and keeps walking.
a man stretches his right arm across his body.
person is walking down.
person steps backwards sharply starting with their left foot. looking at their left shoulder movement, the person appears to be reacting to being shoved and staggered backwards.
person loses balance while walking
stick figure does a chicken flap with the arma
a person stumbles backward without falling.
person loses balance while walking
she puts her hands up to her armpits and flaps her elbows like a chicken.
a person raises their right arm up to shoulder height and then back down
the body is in squatting position while the right arm goes toward the face and back down multiple times.
person brings both hands together then looks at wrist
a person holds something above their shoulders and squats slightly
a person raises their left arm up to shoulder height and then back down
person crouches and rotates hands and legs
the hands are met at the middle of the waist shaking and go back down to the side of the body.
a person holds something above their shoulders and squats slightly
a figure moves his arms up and down from the elbow as if lifting invisible weights.
a man moves his hands in front of his face.
a man looks at his wrist or watch
a figure moves his arms up and down from the elbow as if lifting invisible weights.
a person knocks on a door.
the right hand goes up to the chest and back down.
a person waves with left arm, then right arm
a person power walks forward.
person waves with right hand then with left hand
a person power walks forward.
a person takes a step to his right.
plants off left foot and quick shuffle to their right.
a perosn rubs their stomach with their left hand.
a person loses balance and trips backwards to the left.
a person crosses his arms and massages his right forearm with his left hand.
a person bends while lifting weights and then stands back up.
person steps back two  steps leading with right foot first
a person sidesteps once to the left.
plants off right foot and quick shuffle to their left.
a person is moving his right hand around his belly.
a person loses balance and trips backwards to the right.
a person crosses his arms and massages his left forearm with his right hand.
a person repeatedly bends their knees, keeping their hands at head height.
a person stumbles backwards and stops.
a person crosses his arms in front of his chest
a person scratches head with right hand.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a person folds their arms
a person scratches head with left hand.
a person raises their left hand and waves.
he starts to strech a lot
a figure is on its knees. it then bends its left knee in order to help lift itself up to a standing positon.
a person places both of their hands behind of their head.
the man shifts his weight back and forth between his feet while stretching his arms forwards and leaning forwards.
kneeling and then standing up.
a person places both of their hands behind of their head.
a person holds his hands
a person sprints forward four steps, then stops.
a person is balling something up with their hands.
a person sprints forward four steps, then stops.
a person moves ahead a few steps quickly.
person stands still then crosses both arms then goes back into hands by side
a person walking forward .
a person crossing their arms
a person is hopping gently in place
a person holds both hands up near their head and then squats down slightly a couple times.
a person is hopping gently in place
the person uses the dumbbells to lift weights
a man jumps on the spot three times.
a man jumps up and down with arms stiffly at his sides.
a person begins in a t-pose, before reaching their right hand upwards and left down, they then swap to left arm up and right down
a man thrust his shoulders back-and-forth three times in high position and three times in a low position
the person is doing arm exercises.
this person stands still and raises both hands above his head.
a person stretches their left arm then their right.
a man thrust his shoulders back-and-forth three times in high position and three times in a low position
the man exercises both arms by bending them repeatedly.
stretching hands up while standing still.
a person raise both their hands and claps.
a figure holds and imaginary ball in front of him with two hands at chest level and leans back then returns to straight standing position.
the person starts with both arms raised slightly away from their side, steps forward with their left leg first. before moving their left arm from left to right before stepping back and returning to the first position.
person is wading up paper towels
a person leans quickly backward from something
person is grabbing something then walking back.
a person bows slighly once.
the person walked four steps forward.
a person raises their right arm to the front, then their left arm to the front, then their right arm out to the side.
a person bends at his elbows to lift dumbbells.
a person walks forward normally
a figure leans forward taking a bow
a man with his arms to his sides takes four steps forward and stops.
a person raises their left arm to the front, then their right arm to the front, then their left arm out to the side.
a person bends at his elbows to lift dumbbells.
a person walks forward normally
a person standing in the middle of the screen is jogging in place
the sim is standing still, appearing to brush their chest with their right hand before resting it again at about their waist level.
the person rubs their belly with their right hand in a circle.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walking forward stumbles slightly but returns to normal walk.
a man walks forward with their right hand on the railing and their left hand at their side.
a man stands for a second and then squats down then comes up
the person is looking through the camera at someone.
a person walks with a drunken stagger.
a person standing in the middle of the screen is jogging in place
the sim is standing still, appearing to brush their chest with their left hand before resting it again at about their waist level.
the person rubs their belly with their left hand in a circle.
walking forward and then stopping.
person walks forward, but slightly stumbles, regains their footing, and continues walking to the edge of the platform
a man walks forward with their left hand on the railing and their right hand at their side.
a man stands for a second and then squats down then comes up
a person raises his left arm to head height, talks, then lowers his arm.
a person walks with a drunken stagger.
he takes a few jog steps.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person claps his hands in front of his chest.
a person runs in a forward direction beginning with their left leg and swaying both right and left arms side to side.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly claps sarcastically
a person does jumping jacks.
man walks forwards and turns counter clockwise and walks back
a person pics something up from the right (blue) side and moves it to the left (red) side.
person is running in place
a person takes a step forward, then kneels down with their right leg while using their right hand to steady himself.
person doing three full jumping jack exercise
a person who was walking then did a swift turn to their right
a person pics something up from the left (blue) side and moves it to the right (red) side.
a person running on a spot
a persons carefully going down to their knees.
a headless stick figure with hands takes 4 steps and stops
a person picks up a horizontal object from their front left side with both hands, and moves it to the front right side.
a headless stick figure with hands takes 4 steps and stops
a person picks something up with both hands, moves it and puts it down to their left
the person stomping with his right foot.
a man walks quickly in a straight line
someone is working out jumping up and down
the man stomps his left foot.
a person walks forward quickly
person does to side jumps keeping legs shoulder  length apart and moving arms from hips to above their head
a persons begins to run forward slightly to their right
a person extends their right arm and moved it horozonally in front of them
a person walking straight and turns to the left
someone starts running across the street
the person is moving something from the left to the right.
the man turns right at a normal pace
a person walks forward several steps.
person appears to lift some thing with both hands repeatedly above their head.
a person is jogging in place
a person walks forward then stops.
a person with their forearms upleft, rasies their arms 3 times.
a person is jogging in place.
a person does a throwing motion with his right arm
a person is casting a fishing line.
a person jumps, landing in a squat position, and jumps again reaching upwards with their arms.
a man walks forward, picks an object up with left hand, moves the object to the right side and then steps back.
a person raises their left arm and pulls it back in wind up motion to throw a ball, the ball is then caught.
a person standing throws something.
a person squats and then jumps straight up into the air with hands over head.
a person walks up to something and moves it from the right side to the left side.
a person slowly walked downstairs
a person standing up lifts their right hand and places it on their head.
a figure walks forward and to the right in an arc shape
a person slowly walked downstairs
a man raises his left hand to his head and then returns it to his side
a figure walks forward and to the left in an arc shape
a person who is standing with his hands down by his sides raises his left hand and scrubs his stomach.
a person slowly jogs forward.
a person who is standing with his hands down by his sides raises his right hand and scrubs his stomach.
a person slowly jogs forward.
a person standing up indicates somthing on his left with his right arm.
he turns left forward directally
a man jogs on the spot for a few seconds.
a person standing up indicates somthing on his right with his left arm.
a person walks and turns right to walk back the same way.
a person jogs in place.
a figure stretches their biceps and shoulders by crossing one arm over the other
a man stretches his left arm by holding it with his right.
walking forward and then backwards.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides steps forward, picks up an object and puts it down, then steps back and resumes his original position.
walking forward and then backwards.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides steps forward, picks up an object and puts it down, then steps back and resumes his original position.
a person runs in place.
person ducks a punch while in a fighting stance
person is clapping on the spot
a person runs in place.
a person squars and moves to the right to dodge something.
person is clapping on the spot
a person gets bumped by something and stumbles to their right
a person gets bumped by something and stumbles to their left
a person takes a quick and sudden half-step backward.
walking backwards then stopping.
the person is walking forward and a medium speed.
a person walks down the stairs while using their right hand for support on the hand rail.
the sim is standing in a active pose, appearing to be squatting while holding a bar above their shoulders.
a person who is standing with his arms up parallel to his head, squats and stands and then squats and stands again.
the person is walking forward and a medium speed.
a person uses their left arm to hold the leash while walking the dog
the sim is standing in a active pose, appearing to be squatting while holding a bar above their shoulders.
the person was lifting dumbbells with both arms.
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
a person walks forward and stops.
man moves something from his right to left
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is tap dancing
a person stands with left foot in front of right, leans the upper body to the right awkwardly, then straightens the upper body.
a person walks in an arc
a person walks backwards quickly
a man walks down a slope and then turns counterclockwise
a person kicks with their left leg, does a jig with both feet, and slides forward and kicks with each foot.
a person stands with right foot in front of left, leans the upper body to the left awkwardly, then straightens the upper body.
a personal casually walks forward, curves their path to their right and comes to a stop standing.
a person walks backwards quickly
a person walks and bends right
a person walks forward, leans down to pick something up with their right hand, and then unscrews the lid
a person runs in place
a person walks up and then turns around and walk\s back.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes two steps forward, then quickly steps sideways to his right.
a person kneeling down and holding something infront of them, similar to a pew on a church.
a person nearly falls while legs are tied
character is standing still bringing both hands to their face, before shifting and resting their arms once again at their side.
a person takes four steps as he moves to his left and stops.
a person lifts up his left arm and wriggles it around, and he gestures to his left arm with his right hand, then he wriggles both arms side to side, lifts them up
a person walks forward, leans down to pick something up with their left hand, and then unscrews the lid
a person runs in place
a person walks right, spins around and begins walking.
a person walks forwards and is pushed to the side, then keeps walking trying to keep balance.
a person kneeling down and holding something infront of them, similar to a pew on a church.
a person stands with their left leg behind the right.  he appears to stumble to his left before regaining balance.
character is standing still bringing both hands to their face, before shifting and resting their arms once again at their side.
a person walks in a curve to their right.
a person lifts up his right arm and wriggles it around, and he gestures to his right arm with his left hand, then he wriggles both arms side to side, lifts them up
a person walks slightly to the right
a person walks slightly to the left
a person lifts up only their left arm above shoulder height, lowers their left arm and lifts up both arms above shoulder height, lowers both arms and then lifts as high as they can before bringing both arms back down to shoulder height.
the person is holdings arm up.
a person veers to the right while walking.
a person walking and then taking a right turn
a person jumps backward onto an object.
a walking man makes a right hand turn.
a person lifts up only their right arm above shoulder height, lowers their right arm and lifts up both arms above shoulder height, lowers both arms and then lifts as high as they can before bringing both arms back down to shoulder height.
a figure flexes his left arm above his shoulder while flexing his right arm below, forming a body builder pose
the person is making a left turn.
a person takes five steps forward in a casual manner.
a person jumps backward onto an object.
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
a man takes a step the right and then back to the left.
he kneels up with right arm
a person walks to the side horizontally and then back and forth.
a person starts on his knees and stands up.
a person changing their walking path to the right.
a person walks straight forward and stops.
a person is walking while holding something with his left arm.
a man twists trunk to left then right.
a person walking and doing a quarter of a circle to the left side.
a person walks forward and looks up.
someone is walking down holding a beam on their left side
a man twists trunk to right then left.
the person is doing squats.
a person walks several steps backwards.
a person squats down, bending at the knees and extending their arms.
a person is walking backwards.
person walks forwards, stops, turns to the right, swiveling around, then walks back to the start.
a man walks forward turn around and walks back
a person walks straight, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forwards, spins on their right foot and walks back to where came from
a person takes three steps before stumbling and taking a slight back step to thier left.
a person strums a guitar with his right hand.
a man moves fowards and staggers to the right side  and then moves fowards making a s shape.
the person is playing a guitar.
a person gets nudged backwards on their left shoulder.
a person turns around while walking.
taking a picture of the subject.
some one is squatting down
a person walks towards his left.
the person quickly gestures with his left hand, moving it waist high, stands stationary, and then quickly gestures with both hands to his right, again waist high.
a man steps forward a few steps, then turns around, swinging his left leg as he does, and starts to walk back.
a person standing puts arms up.
a man stands on the ground and squats with his arms stretched  foward.
a person walks a path that bends to the right.
the person slow walks forward while turning right
a person walks forward, turns around to his right and then walks back to where he started
a figure walks forward and to the left in an arc
a man walks forward, pivots around on his left leg and walks back to where he started.
the man is jogging on the spot
a person bows forward then steps backward.
a person moving left arm up and the right arm up and then kicks right leg up and then return to position.
a person turns to the right and does a low side kick with their left leg.
a person picks something up then moves it to the right
the person is walking in a comple circle counter clockwise.
a man stands straight and raises right arm toward his face.
the man is jogging on the spot
the man bows and takes a small step back with his right foot not moving the left foot.
sit on the floor and moving the legs and hands .
body turning left while moving right hand to meet left hand with slight right leg lifting into a poition that mimics a basball pitch.
a person moves object from right to left.
a person walks casually clockwise in a circle.
the person puts his left hand to his head.
a person takes two steps forward then turns to the left and takes two more steps.
a person walks to his right.
he slowly walks forward directly
a figure repeatedly curls both arms upward from waist to chest.
a man walks forwards while taking a gradual left turn.
a person walks to his left.
a person walks forward in a straight line, then stops.
a person stands still lifting their forearms as if lifting weights.
a person lifts their left arm, returns it down, and walks backward.
a person lifts their right arm, returns it down, and walks backward.
a man runs straight forward
person nearly walks in a full circle clockwise
a person walks forward.
a man runs straight forward
a person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a man slowly walks forward.
a person jumps up one time.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person is jumping with no enthusiasm.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person turns and leans to the right, then does a left leg kickboxing style kick.
a stick person walking from side to side.
the person is walking and turn left.
a person turns and leans to the left, then does a right leg kickboxing style kick.
walking by six sac left to right and a little turn back
a person walks forward, pivots on their right foot to spin around, and then walk back the way they came.
the person is walking forward.
the person is walking forward.
a person saunters forward.
a person raises their right hand above their head and swings it forward quickly.
the person quickly walks forward.
a person raises their left hand above their head and swings it forward quickly.
a person walks forward two steps, takes a right turn, and walks back two steps.
a person raises their right arm and strums something with their left arm
a person walks forward two steps, takes a left turn, and walks back two steps.
the person was playing the guitar with his right hand.
a person takes two steps forward, makes a counter clockwise turn pivoting to the left and walks back adjacent to original starting point.
a person squats then stands back up.
a person takes 4 steps down, like they are descending stairs
the person walks forward and turns back and returns near their original position.
a person crouches down with their hands together
a person takes 4 steps down, like they are descending stairs
a man walks forward in the direction of the viewer, taking three slow steps.
a man steps forward a few steps.
a person waves with right hand.
a side person side-steps to the right, then side-steps to the left.
a person with his both arms straight position brings his arms inwards and then rotates anticlockwise.
a figure gestures in exasperation with their right hand
a person is walking forward slowly.
person through something forward with his right hand.
a man walks forward in the direction of the viewer, taking three slow steps.
a person takes three steps forward with his arms at his side
a person waves with left hand.
a side person side-steps to the left, then side-steps to the right.
a person with his both arms straight position brings his arms inwards and then rotates clockwise.
person making a tennis forehand hit
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides slowly and gently steps forward.
a man catching and then throws an object with his left hand twice.
a person abruptly steps sideways to their right to avoid an object.
character raises hands slowly to stetch their back while leaning left and right.
the man walks forward, pivot on the left foot to face other direction, walks back to original starting point.
a person is walking straight and then acts as if they were pushed from the side.
a figure stands on its tip toes, arches its back, and leans back and forth
the man walks forward, pivot on the right foot to face other direction, walks back to original starting point.
the person going up the stairs and down the stairs
a person throwing something and then holding hands as if they were excited or satisfied with the result.
a person walks up a few stairs, then turns around and walks back down the stairs.
a person is standing. they throw with their left hand amd catch witg their right hand.
a person rubs the air.
a figure is lounging backwards, maybe driving a race car?
standing and swinging arms in circles.
a figure is lounging backwards, maybe driving a race car?
person bends down and sits on there knees with body upright and hands off the ground
a person walks to their front and then jumps to the right.
a person jumps then is pushed to the left
a figure kneels with the support of arms.
this person stumbles right to left then to the right again.
a person standing still makes a small jump, then trots their feet sideways to the right
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward and then stops.
person steps six  steps to front
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward and then stops.
a man walks straight forward with his arms to his sides, and stops at the edge of walkway.
person walking forward slowly leading with the right foot.
a figure swings a golf club
person walking forward slowly leading with the left foot.
the person is standing sideways, brings hands together in the front at the waist line, swings hands backwards together and then follows through with both hands still together, in a swinging motion.
a man does jumping jacks, hopping as he alternates between having his legs apart and arms up, and his legs together and arms down.
a person walks forward with both arms at their side and stops.
a man walks in a straight line leading off with his right foot, replaces one foot in front of the while extending his arms to his side, he then turns towards his and walks a few more steps.
a person jumps straight out and lands with legs shoulder-width apart and raises both arms above head repeatedly
a person takes four steps forward.
a man walks in a straight line leading off with his left foot, replaces one foot in front of the while extending his arms to his side, he then turns towards his and walks a few more steps.
a man standing still straight up, then bending down kneeling on the right knee first then the left knee onto the ground.
a man holds his laft hand up then swipes his right hand across his left hand then stands still again
the person is nailing down onto his left hand.
a man holds his laft hand up then swipes his left hand across his right hand then stands still again
person is doing a hand stand
a standing person walks forward then to their right side slowly then stepping forward and waking in front of them
a person puts its hands on the floor and does a handstand.
this person walks forward then stumbles left and right.
a person walking fast down stairs.
a person is jumping small jumps.
a person crosses their feet, touches the ground and stands back up.
a person swings their right arm as if they are hitting something.
a person walks forward, appearing to be holding on to a table or bars.
a person places their left hand on something then takes several steps down as they walk forward while sliding their hand along the object.
someone opens their stance to the left, starts jumping, and then returns to original spot.
a person is stood up and crosses over their feet and lowers into a sitting position, putting a hand onto the floor to balance. before they reach the floor they stand back up.
a person steps forward with their right leg and swings their left arm forward as if they were hitting a forehand shot in a game of tennis.
a person walks forward while feeling for an object to his right
a man steps up and then stops.
a person holds their left arm out while strumming up and down with their right arm, all while swaying and bending their leg in time with their arm.
the person walks forward then turns around to walk in the direction they came from.
a man carefully walks downstairs backwards
the right hand is extended out with the left hand strumming back and forth in front of the body.
a person walks, swinging their hips and arms side to side, then walks back.
a person takes five steps forward
the man is strumming his guitar.
someone is playing the violin
a person gets down on their hands and knees, crawls forward, and then stands back up.
a man bends his left arm slightly, and makes a clockwise stirring motion with the arm.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person is doing a guitar playing motion with their arms then puts their hands down.
someone is playing the violin
a person gets down on his hands and knees and crawls diagonally across the floor before standing up.
a man bends his right arm slightly, and makes a counterclockwise stirring motion with the arm.
person walks straight forward with a slight sway.
a person walks backward without looking behind them.
person walks straight forward with a slight sway.
the man is walking backwards
a person steps up, then takes a few steps forward, before finally stepping down.
a man steps up, walks forward and then steps down.
a person walks forward and stops.
person leans forward and stretches out left hand to move something around
he jumps up then stop
the person is walking slowly forward.
a persons leans over and wipes an object with there right hand. they then straighten back up and takes a step back.
a person jumps into the air.
a person walks right, then left, then right again, facing perpendicular to their walking dorection and crossing over their feet with each stride.
the body squats, steps to its right, and squats again
a man has his arms out to his sides then brings his hands towards his face
character raises arms out to the side. then reaches down with left hand and kneels on left knee and then both knees.
a man raises both arms and waves.
a person presses buttons in front of them with their right hand.
a man is kneeling
the character side-steps to the left end of the rectangle, then side-steps to the right end of the rectangle before making its way back to the center.
the body squats, steps to its left, and squats again
a man has his arms out to his sides then brings his hands towards his face
character raises arms out to the side. then reaches down with right hand and kneels on right knee and then both knees.
a man raises both arms and waves.
a person presses buttons in front of them with their left hand.
a man is kneeling
someone walks forward and places their left hand on a surface, leaning for support.
a person walks to his right and uses a table to support himself with his right hand.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man stretches his leg.
the person is stepping down stairs.
the person walk forward swing around and walk back.
a man stretches his leg.
a person walking up and down a set of stairs while using the handrail.
person put his left arm down on his right arm down and put his hands together.
a person moves his hands together and throws something with his right hand.
the person waves their left hand over their head.
a person picks up and object, inspects it with both hands, and then sets the object down.
catching a ball and winding up and throwing it back
person waves with right hand above head
with arms outstretched from side of the body, a person walks forward on a balance beam.
with arms outstretched from side of the body, a person walks forward on a balance beam.
a person walks forwards, spins around and walks back
a person bending over doing stretches
a man walks in a circle before stopping.
a person walks upstairs
a person walks forwards, spins around and walks back
a person bending over doing stretches
a man walks in a circle before stopping.
a person walks upstairs
a person waves both hands across his body.
a person walks forward down the stairs.
a person waves both hands across his body.
a person slowlt walked downstairs
a person does a squat, widens their stance by moving their right foot out, then performs a second squat.
a man walks in a circle.
a person kicks out with their right foot.
a person squats up and down two times.
a person walks in a complete clockwise circle.
a person steps forward one time with their right foot, then kicks with their left foot upwards, then takes one step forward one time with their right foot, then kicks upwards with their left foot.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
from a prone position on the ground, the person raises up into a squat with hands held together in front of them
a person walks around an oval like path
from a prone position on the ground, the person raises up into a squat with hands held together in front of them
a person walks forward  and down toward something.
a person walks at a regular pace forward.
person lifts item, tilts it halfway up and then places it back down.
a person lowers to sit down cross legged and then stands back up.
the figure bends slightly forward to the right, seems to support a base with the left hand and lift with the right as if raising the top part of a tall container from it's side, then lowers the right and left hands to lay the container back on it's side.
a person sits down with crossed legs. then stands up.
a person walks in a complete circle going in a clockwise motion.
teh man steps backward and sits then stand and takes a few steps forward.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle then stops at original position
teh man steps backward and sits then stand and takes a few steps forward.
someone slowly walks in a circle.
a person who seems to be walking on a small plank trying to balance
with their hands held up a person makes a small jump, takes a step forward then walks up a short flight of stairs holding the hand rail with their right hand.
a person casually strolls forward.
person is walking in a circle
a person steps forward onto a structure with their arms straight out from their sides,  one foot in front of the other as if they trying to balance themselves, then they step off the structure again.
a person climbs the stairs while holding the hand rail
a person walks forward in a straight line putting his heel directly in front of the toes of his other foot.
someone walks clockwise in a circle and then stops.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
someone walks slowly counterclockwise in a complete circle and then stops.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
the sim appears to be sitting down with both hands up, rocking and swaying a bit with their hands extended toward their head.
a person is sitting and moves his right and left hand around.
the sim appears to be sitting down with both hands up, rocking and swaying a bit with their hands extended toward their head.
a person sitting with their arms raised moves their arms up and down in a circular motion.
person carefully takes two steps backwards.
a person walks with an odd gait, forward, and slightly to the left.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person jumps on the spot, then walks up some stairs while using their right hand to steady themselves.
person carefully takes two steps backwards.
a person walks with an odd gait, forward, and slightly to the right.
a person slowly walks forward
person jumps in air, then walks up stairs
person turns body slightly and moves backwards
person turns body slightly and moves backwards
person lifts both hands up and then down, then kneels with the left leg first helping himself with the right hand and then the right leg
a person is standing and moving their forearms up and down at the same time.
person lifts both hands up and then down, then kneels with the right leg first helping himself with the left hand and then the left leg
a person is standing and moving their forearms up and down at the same time.
a man excersizes by sitting down and getting up
a man excersizes by sitting down and getting up
a person slowly walked forward whle grabbing something
a person slowly walked forward whle grabbing something
a person walks backwards down stairs.
a person crawls on their hands and knees, then stands up.
he walks backward directly than stops
a person crawls on their hands and knees, then stands up.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle while swinging left arm
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle while swinging right arm
a person steps sideways to their right, then they step sideways to their left, and they step sidewise right back to their original spot.
a person side steps to their left, then back past their original position.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
a person paces to the left then the right , and left again to return to start position.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise, stopping at the place where they started.
a person walks back and forth
a person is sitting down while brushing off their clothes, then stands up, turns counter- clockwise, takes a few steps and raises their arms straight out like a "t".
a person makes brushing motions with their hands, bends slightly, turns, and walks in an arc.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
the person is walking around in a wiggly line.
a person walks down the stairs.
person walks forwards before turning right, walking in a half circle, before turning left and walking in another semi circle, before turning back forwards.
walking then petting invisible dog
a person walks forward, reaches down and  picks something up with their right hand and places it somewhere else then steps back again.
a person walks forward slowly, on a zig-zag trajectory.
a man is sitting on something at waist height, lowers his arms to his lap, then stretches them back out to his sides at shoulder-height.
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something with left hand
a person walks forward, reaches down and  picks something up with their left hand and places it somewhere else then steps back again.
a person walks forward slowly, on a zig-zag trajectory.
the man drops his hands to his knees then raises them again.
a person gets on the ground and crawls in and returns to get up.
the person is crawling around.
a person squatting slightly , then lifting both right and left arms above them.
a person walks slowly backward.
a person squatting slightly , then lifting both left and right arms above them.
the person takes steps back
a body is squated raising both arms up in position for ten seconds & then releases.
a body is squated raising both arms up in position for ten seconds & then releases.
a man has his arms stretched out in front of him. he drops his arms to his sides and then raises them up again horizontally. showing his wingspan.
a person is using their right arm up and down in front of their body, and holding something with their left arm, as if playing a guitar.
a man has his arms stretched out in front of him. he drops his arms to his sides and then raises them up again horizontally. showing his wingspan.
person getures as if they are playing a guitar.
a figure climbing up stairs and climbing back down them
a figure climbing up stairs and climbing back down them
a person takes a giant step to the right and then drags their left foot along.
a person performing a swift strafing movement to the right
a human figure shakes out its left arm and holds it up, then the other arm comes up in a "monkey" position. both arms go down and loosely shake as the body shakes out loosely
the sim is standing than kicks twice with their right foot, before doing a jumping back kick.
the person slides to their left quickly.
a person performing a swift strafing movement to the left
a human figure shakes out its right arm and holds it up, then the other arm comes up in a "monkey" position. both arms go down and loosely shake as the body shakes out loosely
the sim is standing than kicks twice with their left foot, before doing a jumping back kick.
a person holds out both hands at thigh level, then puts left arm to right forearm, then puts both arms down again.
a person is walking in an anticlockwise direction
a person throws an object with his right hand.
a person waves with their left h
a person is kicking his right leg in the air.
person opens a drawer and puts something in it
a person is walking in an clockwise direction
a man slowly swings his left arm and leg in circular patterns.
person waves their hand at another person.
a person is kicking his left leg in the air.
a person jogs from side to side, before stopping in the middle.
the person is jogging back and forth.
a person faces to the left, raises their hands to the center of their chest, steps back on the right food and draws back the right hand preparing to throw something, then shifts right hip and body forward, throws with a follow-through, then picks up left leg, grabbing the left foot with the right arm.
a person faces to the right, raises their hands to the center of their chest, steps back on the left food and draws back the left hand preparing to throw something, then shifts left hip and body forward, throws with a follow-through, then picks up right leg, grabbing the right foot with the left arm.
person  assumes a position  on the floor
a person slowly walked forward and walked back and after returned
a person crawls on floor on hands and knees.
a person paces back and forth
a person remains sitting down the entire time.
the person is stretching his arms out wide
a person is slightly crouched and then raises their arms
a person stretches both of their arms out to the side.
a person holds a railing while walking backwards up stairs, then turns around and holds the railing and walks backwards down the same stairs.
person is walking backwards slowly
a person walks up and then down stairs
a man walks backwards slowly with his arms at his side
person reach down to left and picks up container with both hands. container is raised and turned to right as if emptying out.
person reach down to right and picks up container with both hands. container is raised and turned to left as if emptying out.
a person makes a motion to indicate "safe"
a person turns to their right and takes a few steps forward, then the turn around and walk in the opposite direction, then then turn around and walk in the opposite direction again and end up back in the original spot.
a person makes a motion to indicate "safe"
a person walks to the left turns around walk to the right then walks back to the middle.
person puts hands out to side
a person gestures to the ground, and then to the right, and then back to the ground
a person walks  quickly to the right and then to the left and back to the center.
person puts hands out to side
person picks up something, holds it, then puts it back down
a person walks  quickly to the left and then to the right and back to the center.
a person spreads out both arms and brings them up to shoulder height, puts them down, and then brings them up again.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person standing up with their knees outwards slightly lifts both of their arms two times outwards.
walks side to side in a zigzag.
a man picks up, holds to his ear, then hangs up a phone with his right hand.
a person picks up an object and holds it.
a person sits down on the ground then stands back up
a man has his arms extended outwards, then brings them down and back up again
a person sits down on the ground then stands back up
a person starts with knees slightly bent and arms fully stretched wide, places arms on thighs, then returns arms to out stretched position.
person lowers arms and picks something up with right hand and moves right hand up and to sides
a figure walks to diagonal to the left turns around an walks up to the right and then back to quarter to the forward.
a person picking up something heavy
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person picks up something, shakes it, pours something, and sets it back down.
the person was missing something with his right hand.
arms are placed down by the side from being straight out and then the right hand goes out making a random jabbing spots.
a person grabs something with his right hand, turns to the left, and wipes it on something else.
a person raisedthe hands and put it down
a man drops to the ground and begins crawling on his knees, first to the right, then to the left.
he stood in a squated stance before raising both of his arms.
the person stands still and shuffles their feet for a little.
a person  picks something up with their right hand and then their left, then wipes something down as if they are cleaning, before returning the objects back to their original position.
a person leaned on hends and strat to jump
crawling around then jumping up and running.
the man picjs something up looks at it them puts it back down.
a person walks diagonally to his right and sits down.
a person is standing still with legs apart and arms to the side.
a person walks backwards and then walks forwards while shaking their hands sporadically.
a man leans forward and then rears back to throw with his right arm, he throws again.
a person slowly lowers his arms, claps then walks forward to sit on a chair with his arms behind his head.
a person raised the hands and sit on something
a person gets down on their knees and starts crawling.
a person puts both arms up and waves them back and forth at their side.
a person walks up a set of stairs, turns around, and walks back down.
a person pours something into an object then steps away
person is typing a passcode in an order
walking to the side and punching hands.
a person drops their arms in a dejected manner then raises both arms up to a t position. they then lower their arms back down before raising them again and waving both arms in the air as if trying to get somebody's attention. they repeat this motion twice.
standing still then waving hand.
a person spinned the handsa and bend on the knee and hit something
a person frantically waves their arms around before getting into a fighting position and making a punch.
a person is walking while holding a handrail at each side
a man has his arms outstretched to either side, before stepping forward, grabbing something with his right arm and then his left, then begins to make brushing or petting motions with his left hand.
a person walks side by side horizontally.
moving arms left and right
this person with knees bent moves his right arm forward as if to catch something.
a person walks to the center in anti clockwise round and walks toward the far right and stands.
a person walks forward, then back and scrubs something with his right hand.
a person gestures good bye and then turns around.
a person gestures to another person to come in their direction and then waves.
the person moves uses their right hand to slide something to the right and then something down and then reaches forward.
the person grabs something with their right hand and uses left hand to hold something while using right hand to mix something that is in the left hand.
a person walks forward, pauses, turns right and continues walking.
a person is walking up something then turns around and walks back down.
a person is crawling slowly backwards.
a person jogging in circle's
a man walks slowly with both hands on railing.
a person moving arms around uncomfortably.
the person is stretching their arm
a man sits down before getting back up.
the person is walking lifting their legs up in a wiggly  line.
a man walks back and forth in an s pattern.
a man is standing, swaying a bit, and slightly raising hands, as though he is speaking with someone.
a person side steps to the left and then the right.
a person dances in a box step with their arms up as if they are holding a dance partner.
the person is stepping around in a circle.
the person approaches and slowly walks around the back of a chair to their right then sits down.
the person is standing with both arms elevated straight out to there sides. they then bring both arms in and hands are in the middle of the chest. they then make small mostions at chest level first with the righy arm then the left
a figure does the macarena dance
the person cleans the kitchen counter
moving arms out while walking.
a man raises his arms and then puts his hands on his knees.
a person stands still while pointing at things with their right hand
person reaches for something with right hand and then moves forward.
the person cut down on their knees and was crawling.
a man walks, picks something up, and shakes it.
the person pick something up and poured it to the right.
the person walks in a right to left swerving motion.
person has arms held out in a swimming motion
a person uses their left hand to pick up a sponge, then transfers it to their right and washes a car.
a figure walks to diagonal to the right turns around an walks up to the left and then back to quarter to the forward.
the man stands slightly bent at the waist holding something in his left hand and using his right hand to touch it repeatedly oh, then takes a side step to the right.
person makes motion such as lifting from the lower right side to the left side then back again.
the person is pouring out of a bottle.
the person was missing something with his left hand.
a person stands with their arms out to the sides, then lowers them and reaches out with his left arm a few times.
a person grabs something with his left hand, turns to the right, and wipes it on something else.
a person is moving both their arms in and out like they are swimming, then stands still, then extends his arms outwards
a man drops to the ground and begins crawling on his knees, first to the left, then to the right.
person has hands on knees and puts arms out to sides
a person shifts their weight and then stands stationary.
person is picking up items and using them
a person leaned on hends and strat to jump
crawling around then jumping up and running.
the person took something thing and tilted on its side.
a person claps, walks forward and then sits down.
a figure cannot believe what is happening
a person walks backwards and then walks forwards while shaking their hands sporadically.
a person gives high fives.
staring with arms out in a t, a person brings their hands together for a clap and proceeds to take two steps to sit down to relax.
a person places it arms down to its side and then sits down and pets something.
a person gets down on their knees and starts crawling.
a person puts both arms up and waves them back and forth at their side.
robot walking up the stairs, turned back and then walk down the stairs.
a person pours something into an object then steps away
person reaches arms out then takes left arm and points outwards
walking to the side and punching hands.
a person drops their arms in a dejected manner then raises both arms up to a t position. they then lower their arms back down before raising them again and waving both arms in the air as if trying to get somebody's attention. they repeat this motion twice.
a person stands still a long time and then raises his left hand and moves it back and forth.
a person spinned the handsa and bend on the knee and hit something
a person frantically waves their arms around before getting into a fighting position and making a punch.
a person is using objects/furniture to help them walk in a straight line
a person bends over and appears to be petting an animal.
someone shuffling their feet to the left, then back right.
person is waving hands in front of him.
a person raised the left hand and showed some jesture
a person is walking randomly
a man walks forward and grabs a rag, returns to his original place and begins wiping down a window.
a person gestures good bye and then turns around.
a person gestures to another person to come in their direction and then waves.
a person makes a cross in front of themselves with their right hand, right to left, then top to bottom, then reaches forward with their right hand.
a person kneads dough with their left hand.
a man walks forward then turns left after a short pause
a person is walking up something then turns around and walks back down.
person is crawling backwards on their hands and knees
a man is running in a circular motion.
person walk diagnally while holding on to something with both hands.
a person lowers both his raised arms down to their sides slowly, then lifts his arms one by one upwards to their chest.
a person raises their hands to the sky then lowers them
a person sits down criss cross style and then begins to get back up.
the person walks in a curvy formation
a man walks back and forth in an s pattern.
a person stands still, then waves, then stands still
a person side steps to the right and then the left.
a person dances in a box step with their arms up as if they are holding a dance partner.
the person is stepping around in a circle.
the person approaches and slowly walks around the back of a chair to their left then sits down.
a person unlocks a window and proceeds to open it.
a figure does the macarena dance
person walks to table and wipes it down
a person practices a sequence of karate moves, first to the right then to the left.
a person lifts both arms out to their side, then returns them to their thighs while sitting.
a man touches several objects with his left hand.
person reaches for something with left hand and then moves forward.
the man crawls forwards before jumping back up into a standing position.
a person walks forward, stops and then shakes their hand.
moving hands towards the side.
a person walks in a zig zag motion then comes to a halt
a man streching his arms.